{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f5\ftech\fcharset77 Symbol;
\f6\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier-Bold;\f7\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid502\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid6}
{\list\listtemplateid7\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid601\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid7}
{\list\listtemplateid8\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid701\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid8}
{\list\listtemplateid9\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid801\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid9}
{\list\listtemplateid10\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid901\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid10}
{\list\listtemplateid11\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1001\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid11}
{\list\listtemplateid12\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid12}
{\list\listtemplateid13\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid13}
{\list\listtemplateid14\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1302\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid14}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}{\listoverride\listid7\listoverridecount0\ls7}{\listoverride\listid8\listoverridecount0\ls8}{\listoverride\listid9\listoverridecount0\ls9}{\listoverride\listid10\listoverridecount0\ls10}{\listoverride\listid11\listoverridecount0\ls11}{\listoverride\listid12\listoverridecount0\ls12}{\listoverride\listid13\listoverridecount0\ls13}{\listoverride\listid14\listoverridecount0\ls14}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 What kind of file?\

\f0\b0\fs24 A 
\f1\b single-file HTML5 game
\f0\b0 : HTML + CSS + JS in one document. It draws gameplay on a 
\f2\fs26 <canvas>
\f0\fs24  and includes a top HUD, control buttons (Start/Pause/Speed/Auto/Size), an inventory drawer, and side panels (Shop & Settings). There\'92s also a built-in 
\f1\b BGM control
\f0\b0  bar that plays an MP3 if it\'92s next to the file.\

\f1\b\fs48 What assets does it use?\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Images (PNGs, transparent):
\f0\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Trainers: 
\f2\fs26 A1.png
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 Unique.png
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 Missy.png
\f0\fs24 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Where to put them:
\f0\b0  the file includes a 
\f1\b Sprite Loader Status
\f0\b0  panel and the note \'93Place PNGs next to this HTML.\'94 So drop the PNGs and the MP3 in the 
\f1\b same folder
\f0\b0  as the 
\f2\fs26 .html
\f0\fs24  file.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 How is everything connected?\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Asset loading.
\f0\b0  A robust loader tries a list of filenames for each asset until one exists, then previews what loaded in the Sprite Loader panel. That means you can name a trainer 
\f2\fs26 A1.png
\f0\fs24  it\'92ll still find it. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gameplay loop.
\f0\b0  A requestAnimationFrame loop updates spawns, kids, bullets,  skills, and HUD; there\'92s also a timed tick that reduces cooldowns and handles 
\f1\b Auto
\f0\b0  casting. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Waves & stages.
\f0\b0  Spawns are timed per wave; clearing all spawns + empty field advances wave, then stage after 10 waves. \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Loot, inventory, equipment.
\f0\b0  Mobs can drop 
\f1\b gear, gold, or silver
\f0\b0 . Inventory shows a 32-slot grid; \
\ls2\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Shop.
\f0\b0  UI cards buy potions or \'93mystery boxes\'94 with gold/silver; purchases pull from the same currency the HUD shows. \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 E) Music (MP3)
\f0\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs26 \cf0 Task: Loopable track, ~1\'962 minutes, hip-hop/lofi vibe.\
Filename: Smoking Alot .mp3\
Format: MP3, 128\'96160 kbps CBR or 150\'96180 kbps VBR.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Drop it next to the HTML; the BGM widget will find it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
(Optional) WebP swap:
\f0\b0  if you want even smaller files, add 
\f2\fs26 .webp
\f0\fs24  names to each SPEC list so the loader tries WebP first, then PNG. Example:\uc0\u8232 
\f2\fs26 A1: ["A1.webp","A1.png","a1.png", ...]
\f0\fs24  (do this for each key in SPEC). \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 If you want, I can generate a tiny placeholder pack (correct filenames, transparent PNGs) so your Sprite Loader shows 
\f1\b 100% loaded
\f0\b0  on first run, then you replace with real art later.\
\
\
\
\
The game will transform the endless runner into a 
\f1\b dungeon progression
\f0\b0  with segmented levels or waves. Each \'93dungeon run\'94 is infinite but divided into 
\f1\b stages
\f0\b0  (floors or zones), where the player clears waves of enemies and obstacles before reaching a boss. After defeating a boss, the player descends to the next dungeon stage, which is more difficult and introduces new surprises. This structure provides short-term goals (reach the next boss) and long-term progression (survive as many stages as possible){\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ejaw.net/what-is-an-endless-runner-game/#:~:text=Well,or%20big%20purchases%20provide%20longevity"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ejaw.net}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Waves & Levels:
\f0\b0  During a stage, enemies spawn in waves as the player runs. Early waves are small and simple, giving the player time to react and learn patterns. As the player advances, waves grow larger and more complex, with mixed enemy types and occasional mini-bosses. To keep the endless run interesting, 
\f1\b each stage has a distinct theme or environment with unique enemies
\f0\b0  (e.g. a crypt with undead, a lava cave with fire monsters). This approach is similar to how Pixel Dungeon\'92s endless mode assigns random themes per depth to vary monster \
\

\f1\b Difficulty Scaling:
\f0\b0  The game should 
\f1\b ramp up difficulty gradually and fairly
\f0\b0 . Enemies gain increased health, damage, and speed with each new stage, and new enemy abilities appear over time. However, avoid making it too hard too quickly \'96 endless runners that spike in difficulty too fast will frustrate new players{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ejaw.net/what-is-an-endless-runner-game/#:~:text=Endless%20runner%20games%20always%20get,improve%20their%20skills%20that%20quickly"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ejaw.net}}. Instead, follow a gentle difficulty curve early on and accelerate later. For instance, Stage 1 is forgiving (slower enemies, simple attack patterns), but by Stage 5+ the enemies are faster and more numerous. Ensure the spawn rate of obstacles and enemies increases at a 
\f1\b \'93good pace\'94
\f0\b0  so that skilled players feel challenged while beginners can still improve{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ejaw.net/what-is-an-endless-runner-game/#:~:text=Developers%20must%20carefully%20plan%20how,bore%20better%20players%20to%20quit"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ejaw.net}}. You can implement a scaling factor that increases every stage or every few waves, affecting enemy spawn counts and stats.\

\f1\b Pacing and Balance:
\f0\b0  Introduce natural 
\f1\b peaks and valleys
\f0\b0  in the action. After a tough wave, consider a brief respite (a few seconds of lighter obstacle running or a fountain that heals the player) to let the player catch their breath. Each boss fight serves as a climax, followed by a rewarding loot phase (detailed below) that acts as a tension release before the next stage\'92s buildup. This 
\f1\b rhythm of challenge and reward
\f0\b0  keeps players engaged without feeling overwhelmed. Also, periodically introduce 
\f1\b new mechanics or enemies
\f0\b0  as progression rewards \'96 for example, a new trap type appears in later stages, or an elite enemy with special behavior shows up occasionally. These surprises serve as fresh content to maintain player engagement{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ejaw.net/what-is-an-endless-runner-game/#:~:text=Even%20perfect%20levels%20can%E2%80%99t%20sustain,same%20experience%20without%20new%20updates"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ejaw.net}} beyond the basic running loop.\
To keep the structure modular, use a 
\f1\b Level Manager
\f0\b0  module that controls stage transitions, enemy wave configuration, and difficulty parameters. For example, define a list of stages with associated enemy types, environmental art, and scaling values. This way, adding a new stage or tweaking difficulty is as simple as editing data (no deep code changes). The Level Manager can trigger events like \'93boss incoming\'94 or \'93stage complete\'94 which other systems (UI, audio) listen to, making the architecture scalable and easy to extend.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Gift & Loot Progression System\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Loot is the heart of the game\'92s progression, and we design the entire reward loop to feel like a 
\f1\b gift-filled arcade experience
\f0\b0 . Throughout the run, players will be showered with rewards: from coins flying out of enemies to treasure chests in hidden corners. The key is to make these rewards 
\f1\b frequent and satisfying
\f0\b0  (lots of shiny pick-ups, fanfare on collection) without trivializing the difficulty. We achieve this with varied loot types and a clear upgrade path for each.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Loot Types:
\f0\b0  The game will include:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gold Coins (Currency):
\f0\b0  Commonly dropped by enemies and found in breakable objects. Coins are used to purchase upgrades or items between runs (meta-progression) and possibly to spend at occasional in-run shops or on checkpoints. Coin drops often come in 
\f1\b bursts
\f0\b0  \'96 e.g. killing a group of enemies might spawn a fountain of coins that 
\f3\i explode
\f0\i0  outward, which the player can run through to collect (this \'93coin explosion\'94 effect is visually rewarding and taps into that dopamine loop of seeing loot fly everywhere).\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gems/Premium Currency:
\f0\b0  A rarer currency (could be gems, diamonds, etc.) obtained from Gift Box Bosses or big treasure chests. These are used for special upgrades or cosmetic purchases \
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gear and Equipment:
\f0\b0  The player can find weapons, armor, and trinkets that improve their combat ability. For example, a 
\f1\b Sword of Flames
\f0\b0  that adds burn damage on hit, or 
\f1\b Shadow Cloak
\f0\b0  armor that occasionally evades an attack. Gear can drop from bosses, elite enemies, or appear in chests. Each gear item has a rarity (common, rare, epic, legendary) which determines its power and drop rate. A 
\f3\i loot table
\f0\i0  controls what drops from where \'96 for instance, bosses have a high chance to drop at least rare or better gear. Gear provides the 
\f1\b primary means of increasing the hero\'92s stats
\f0\b0  during a run: better weapons = more damage, better armor = more survivability. This ties into progression because as you delve deeper, you\'92ll need stronger gear which you hopefully looted on the way.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Consumables/Power-ups:
\f0\b0  These are one-time use items that give short boosts or effects. For example, a 
\f1\b Healing Potion
\f0\b0  to restore HP, an 
\f1\b Invincibility Star
\f0\b0  that grants 3 seconds of invulnerability, or a 
\f1\b Bomb
\f0\b0  that clears nearby enemies. These can drop from random enemies or chests, and the player can store a limited number (or they auto-activate on pickup, depending on design). Power-ups add a classic arcade feel and can save the player in a pinch, complementing the core skills.\
\ls4\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Gift Boxes:
\f0\b0  True to the theme, 
\f1\b Gift Box pickups
\f0\b0  will appear randomly in the dungeon. A gift box is like a mini-chest \'96 when collected or opened, it gives a surprise reward. For instance, a gift box might pop out of a destroyed object or spawn after clearing a wave. The contents are randomized: sometimes just coins, other times a piece of gear or a pet. The thrill of seeing a wrapped gift on the ground and opening it is a fun moment that reinforces the gift theme. We can even have different sizes/colors of gift boxes, with bigger ones yielding better loot.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Shop where you trade currency for gifts \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Reward-Heavy Arcade Loop:
\f0\b0  To ensure a 
\f1\b reward-heavy loop
\f0\b0 , we implement many sources of loot:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Enemy Drops:
\f0\b0  Every enemy killed has a chance to drop something \'96 even if small. Common mobs mainly drop coins or occasional health pickups; elite mobs might drop a chest or gear. The drop logic can use increasing probability for better loot on tougher enemies.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Combo Rewards:
\f0\b0  If the player kills enemies in quick succession or completes a wave without taking damage, trigger a 
\f1\b \'93bonus gift\'94
\f0\b0  drop. For example, a multi-kill could spawn an extra gift box on the path or trigger a coin shower. This encourages skilled play and makes combat flashy. It\'92s an arcade sensibility: do well and the game literally rewards you mid-run.\
\ls5\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stage Completion:
\f0\b0  When a stage boss is defeated (and after any Gift Box Boss), reward the player with a 
\f1\b treasure chest
\f0\b0 . Opening this chest yields a bunch of coins and a guaranteed item (or two). This is effectively the \'93level up loot\'94. It feels like the boss guarded a treasure, which fits the dungeon theme.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 All these sources combined mean the player is frequently picking up something, be it currency or items, which maintains excitement. The 
\f1\b art and sound for loot
\f0\b0  should make it gratifying: coins make a nice jingle and sparkle, items pop up with maybe a ray of light and a ping sound, etc.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Economy and Upgrade Usage:
\f0\b0  The loot fuels both in-run power and meta-game progression. 
\f1\b During a run
\f0\b0 , picking up a better sword immediately makes you stronger, helping you survive to the next boss. 
\f1\b Between runs
\f0\b0 , the accumulated currency and any items you kept can be used for upgrades:\
Make sure to 
\f1\b balance the loot
\f0\b0  so that while the player gets lots of rewards, the game doesn\'92t become too easy. You might tune drop rates such that high-tier gear is still relatively rare (except from the gift boss which is intentionally generous). The steady drip of coins and minor items keeps the player happy, but truly powerful items (legendary gear, special pets) require either hitting the Gift Box Boss or pushing to later stages. This aligns with the idea that 
\f3\i \'93the best progression rewards players\'92 time investments through earned enhancements\'94
\f0\i0  without undermining the challenge\
From an implementation standpoint, keep loot distribution 
\f1\b data-driven
\f0\b0 : define loot tables for each enemy and event (common drop list, rare drop list with probabilities). That way, you can easily adjust drop chances or add new loot items. A simple loot drop pseudocode might look like:\
To support the new complexity and make the game enjoyable on web and mobile, the 
\f1\b user interface and experience
\f0\b0  should be optimized for clarity, feedback, and delight. Here are the key UI/UX elements and improvements for the evolved game:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Minimalist, Informative HUD:
\f0\b0  The Heads-Up Display should convey important info (health, score, currency, skill cooldowns) without clutter. Following endless runner best practices, keep elements to the corners and edges so as not to block the action. For instance, display the score or distance in a corner in a clear font. You can incorporate subtle animations in the HUD: e.g. the score text could flash or grow when the player hits a new high score or reaches a milestone (as suggested, color transitions at milestones to celebrate progress. The gift theme can show up in HUD icons \'96 for example, a small gift icon next to the currency count or as the icon for loot pickups.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Health and Status:
\f0\b0  Show the player\'92s health bar prominently (top-left or top-center). If the player has armor or a shield buff, an icon or a secondary bar could indicate that. During boss fights, display the boss\'92s health bar at the top of the screen, with the boss\'92s name. This gives the fight a dramatic feel and lets the player gauge progress in the fight.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Skill Buttons and Cooldowns:
\f0\b0  On mobile, place the three skill buttons ergonomically (usually bottom right area for right-handed, with maybe an option to mirror for left-handed players). These buttons should have clear icons. Use 
\f1\b cooldown spinners
\f0\b0  or fade-out overlays on these buttons to show when they\'92re recharging. Also, a quick text or icon pop-up like \'93Ready!\'94 can appear when a skill comes off cooldown, to catch the player\'92s attention. The UI should make it easy to tap these without looking away from the action \'96 consider making them fairly large and with some transparency so they don\'92t completely block the view. On web (keyboard control), the skill icons can still appear as a reference with their hotkeys (e.g. \'93Q\'94, \'93W\'94, \'93E\'94) and cooldown timers.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Loot Notifications:
\f0\b0  When the player picks up loot, provide immediate feedback. A common method is a small floating text or icon: e.g. \'93+50\'94 with a coin icon floats up from the pickup, or the item name appears briefly. For gear, because it\'92s exciting, you could pause the game for half a second (if not too disruptive) to show
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\'95	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
=
\f0\b0 \
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Feedback and Effects:
\f0\b0  
\f1\b Juice up the UI with effects
\f0\b0  that celebrate the arcade rewards:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl1\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When a Gift Box Boss appears, flash an animation like a gift icon explosion or confetti, and maybe show text \'93Secret Gift Boss!\'94 so the player knows it\'92s a special event.\
\ls6\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When coins drop, have them sparkle and perhaps a coin sound effect plays as they auto-collect. If there\'92s a large coin explosion, the camera could shake lightly or a special sound plays, emphasizing the jackpot feeling.\
\ls6\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Use color coding for loot text (e.g. item names colored by rarity) and possibly a log or list at end-of-run summarizing what you collected.\
\ls6\ilvl1\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9702 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Combo notifications: If you implement combo rewards (like multi-kill gifts), use a combo counter UI that pops up (\'93Triple Kill!\'94 or \'93Loot Rush!\'94) to reinforce the achievement.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Menu and Navigation:
\f0\b0  With the expanded features, refine the menus. The 
\f1\b main menu
\f0\b0  should now have options like 
\f3\i Upgrades
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i Inventory/Collection
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i Start Run
\f0\i0 , 
\f3\i Settings
\f0\i0 . Each of these should be clearly labeled. The Upgrades menu can be a simple list of upgrade options with icons and costs, using tooltips or descriptions on what each does. The Inventory or Collection screen shows all the gear you\'92ve discovered, pets unlocked, etc., hitting that completionist appeal. Maintain a consistent pixel-art style in UI elements to match the game\'92s aesthetic, but ensure text is legible on small mobile screens (maybe use a clean bitmap font, white text with dark outline for contrast).\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In-Game Shop or Pause:
\f0\b0  If there\'92s an in-run shop or a pause menu, make sure it\'92s user-friendly. For example, if the player pauses, allow them to view their current stats, gear, and possibly use a consumable if needed. A shop (if you decide to include a merchant in some stages) should have a simple interface: 3\'964 items with prices, and one-tap purchase. Keep transactions quick so the action can resume.\
\ls6\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}	\'95	\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Accessibility & Settings:
\f0\b0  Offer settings to toggle things like sound, music, and maybe reduce effects if needed for performance on low-end devices. Also consider an option for control sensitivity or an alternate control scheme (some players might prefer virtual joystick vs. tilt or other methods if applicable). These improvements ensure a wider audience can enjoy the game comfortably.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Global style (for every sprite)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls7\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Look:
\f0\b0  dark, sleek base with 
\f1\b glowing rims
\f0\b0  (Solo Leveling), 
\f1\b overclocked ki auras/energy beams
\f0\b0  (DBZ), and 
\f1\b clean, readable shapes
\f0\b0  (Roblox).\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Line & shade:
\f0\b0  1\'962 px outline, high-contrast cel shading, hard highlights; add outer glow on VFX frames only.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Palette core:
\f0\b0  near-black 
\f2\fs26 #0b0e13
\f0\fs24 , shadow blue 
\f2\fs26 #0f172a
\f0\fs24 , gold glow 
\f2\fs26 #fbbf24
\f0\fs24 , cyan glow 
\f2\fs26 #60a5fa
\f0\fs24 , jade 
\f2\fs26 #34d399
\f0\fs24 , magenta 
\f2\fs26 #f472b6
\f0\fs24 .\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Export:
\f0\b0  PNG-24, 
\f1\b transparent
\f0\b0 , pixel-perfect (nearest-neighbor), no drop shadows baked into UI pieces.\
\ls7\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
DPI:
\f0\b0  export 
\f1\b 1\'d7 at the exact sizes below
\f0\b0  plus a 
\f1\b 2\'d7 set
\f0\b0  (@2x) for retina.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Characters \'97 runners (4 sheets total)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 1) A1_sheet.png \'97 256\'d7128 (8 frames @ 64\'d764)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art, modern street ninja runner, black tech hoodie, cap, fingerless gloves, dark skin tone, 
\f1\b Solo Leveling black aura
\f0\b0  with 
\f1\b gold sparks
\f0\b0 , stoic anime face, DBZ-style power stance, clean Roblox-readable shapes, 8-frame sheet (4 run, 1 punch/shot, 1 cast, 1 bomb throw wind-up, 1 hit flinch), strong rim light, high contrast, transparent background\'94\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls8\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Frames: run x4, 
\f1\b attack
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b cast
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b bomb-throw
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b hit
\f0\b0 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 2) Unique_sheet.png \'97 256\'d7128 (8\'d7 64\'d764)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art gunner/healer, 
\f1\b black hair
\f0\b0 , neon visor, purple/teal runner jacket, light armor pads, 
\f1\b cyan healing glyphs
\f0\b0  when casting, Solo-Leveling glow accents, DBZ-style power sparks, 8-frame sheet (4 run, 1 shoot, 1 cast, 1 skill charge, 1 hit), transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 3) Missy_sheet.png \'97 256\'d7128 (8\'d7 64\'d764)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art 
\f1\b spy-suit cat-themed support
\f0\b0 , sleek black bodysuit with angel Wings subtle cat motifs, teal trim, soft 
\f1\b angelic gold halo vibe
\f0\b0  in VFX only, Solo-Leveling shadow aura + warm highlights, 8-frame sheet (4 run, 1 slash, 1 support cast, 1 shield raise, 1 hit), transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 4) Portraits.png \'97 192\'d764 (three 64\'d764 heads)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art bust portraits, A1 (cap/hood), Unique (black hair + visor), Missy (sleek spy suit), moody rim light, subtle energy glow, clean Roblox UI readability, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Enemies (3 sheets)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 5) Mobs_sheet.png \'97 128\'d796 (4 types \'d7 2 frames @ 48\'d748)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art mob set, four: 
\f1\b goblin scout
\f0\b0  (dagger), 
\f1\b mutant rat-man
\f0\b0  (bandages), 
\f1\b shadow rogue
\f0\b0  (hood), 
\f1\b flying drone
\f0\b0  (red eye), 2-frame bob each, Solo-Leveling shadow palettes, bold silhouettes, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 6) MiniBoss_sheet.png \'97 128\'d764 (2\'d7 64\'d764)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art 
\f1\b shadow brute
\f0\b0  in cracked armor, glowing red core, heavy shoulders, 2 frames (idle/attack), DBZ-style impact lines in attack frame, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 7) Boss_sheet.png \'97 256\'d7128 (2\'d7 128\'d7128)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art 
\f1\b shadow wyvern / dragon-priest hybrid
\f0\b0 , tall silhouette, shield glyphs, 
\f1\b triple-shot muzzle glow
\f0\b0 , small baby-dragon sigils, 2 frames (idle open-wings, attack flame), Solo-Leveling aura torrents, DBZ energy flares, transparent bg\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Projectiles & VFX (2 sheets)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 8) Projectiles.png \'97 256\'d764\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Contents: player bullet 8\'d78, enemy bullet 8\'d78, 
\f1\b beam tick 8\'d716
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b slash wave 32\'d712
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b A1 bomb 20\'d720
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b bomb fragment 8\'d78
\f0\b0 .\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art projectile atlas, glossy ki bullets, cyan beam capsule (8\'d716), arc slash (32\'d712), compact black-gold 
\f1\b bomb
\f0\b0  (20\'d720) with hazard stripe, tiny shard fragments (8\'d78), high contrast, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 9) Effects.png \'97 512\'d7256\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls9\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hit spark 
\f1\b 16\'d716 \'d74
\f0\b0 , Explosion 
\f1\b 64\'d764 \'d76
\f0\b0 , Smoke 
\f1\b 64\'d764 \'d74
\f0\b0 , Shield bubble 
\f1\b 64\'d764
\f0\b0  (loop).\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art VFX atlas: hit sparks (bright white/pink), 
\f1\b DBZ-style explosion
\f0\b0  rings (gold/orange), Solo-Leveling 
\f1\b smoke plumes
\f0\b0  (black
\f5 \uc0\u8594 
\f0 gray), 
\f1\b hex shield bubble
\f0\b0  (cyan with inner glow), sequenced frames, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Loot & Boxes (2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 10) Loot.png \'97 128\'d764\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art coins and drops: gold coin 16\'d716, silver coin 16\'d716, purple pet gem 16\'d716, loot bag 24\'d724, small chest 32\'d732, crisp highlights, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 11) Boxes.png \'97 384\'d796 (4\'d7 96\'d796)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art crate icons: Bronze, Silver, Gold, 
\f1\b S-Rank obsidian
\f0\b0  with neon crown, Solo-Leveling glow rims, Roblox-clean silhouettes, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 UI Icons & Slots (2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 12) UI_Icons.png \'97 256\'d7256 (16 tiles @ 64\'d764)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls10\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
9 skill icons (3 per runner), Rage, 3 role badges (Leader crown / Shadow link / Auto loop), spare glyphs.\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art UI icons, thick readable symbols: beam, slash, burst, heal, shield, buff, bomb, rage flame, role badges (crown/link/loop), neon gradient fills, crisp borders, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 13) Slots.png \'97 512\'d7384\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls11\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bag slot 
\f1\b 112\'d7112
\f0\b0  (empty/selected/locked), Equip slots 
\f1\b 128\'d796
\f0\b0  (Weapon/Shield/Head/Chest/Legs/Boots/Pet A/Pet B), rarity pips 
\f1\b 24\'d724
\f0\b0  (C/U/R/E/L).\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art inventory frames, dark steel panels with soft inner glow, labeled silhouettes for each slot, selected = gold rim, locked = small padlock, rarity pips color coded, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Backgrounds (2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 14) BG_mid.png \'97 640\'d7720 (repeat-X parallax)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art 
\f1\b night city / dungeon ridge
\f0\b0  hybrid, tall monoliths and faint neon windows, soft fog bands, horizontally tileable, dark to mid-blue palette, no characters\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 15) BG_ground.png \'97 256\'d764 (repeat-X)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art ground tile, tech-stone lane with subtle lines, slight bevel, seamless horizontally, dark blue-gray\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Pets (2)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 16) Pets_sheet.png \'97 192\'d764 (6 pets \'d7 2 frames @ 32\'d732)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 Pets: 
\f1\b Little Missy (angel cat)
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Phoenix
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Snowball (ice wisp)
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Cody (cyber pup)
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Demon (S)
\f0\b0 , 
\f1\b Baby Dragon
\f0\b0 .\uc0\u8232 
\f1\b Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art mini-pet set, chibi style, two-frame hover, bright eyes and glow auras (gold/cyan/red), transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 17) Pet_Icons.png \'97 384\'d764 (6\'d7 64\'d764)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Prompt:
\f0\b0  \'93pixel art pet portraits, centered faces with aura rings, crisp UI readability, transparent bg\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Special prompts for key moments\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 A1\'92s Auto-Secret Bomb (sprite + VFX)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls12\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Bomb (20\'d720)
\f0\b0  prompt: \'93pixel art compact black-gold grenade, angular, subtle hazard stripe, tiny blinking pin light, high contrast\'94\
\ls12\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Explosion (use Effects atlas)
\f0\b0  prompt add-on: \'93DBZ shock ring + Solo-Leveling smoke layer, six-frame expansion, bright core then ember\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs28 \cf0 Beams & slashes (Leader/Shadow sync look)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls13\ilvl0
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Beam tick 8\'d716
\f0\b0  prompt add-on: \'93capsule with inner light streak, cyan
\f5 \uc0\u8594 
\f0 white gradient, faint tail\'94\
\ls13\ilvl0
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Slash 32\'d712
\f0\b0  prompt add-on: \'93curved blade wave, gold rim with white core, slight motion blur pixel steps\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
\
\
\
Part 2 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 UI \'97 Inventory & Equipment\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 1) 
\f6\fs26 ui/slot_square.png
\f1\fs24  \'97 96\'d796 PNG (transparent)
\f0\b0 \
\'93flat fantasy RPG UI 
\f1\b square item slot
\f0\b0 , beveled bronze frame, subtle inner shadow, 2 px inner stroke, tiny corner notches, 
\f1\b transparent background
\f0\b0 , centered, no text, no glow, game icon style, crisp edges, mint accent pinstripe. \'97no watermark, no drop shadow, no background scene\'94\

\f1\b 2) 
\f6\fs26 ui/slot_wide.png
\f1\fs24  \'97 128\'d796 PNG (transparent)
\f0\b0 \
\'93flat fantasy RPG UI 
\f1\b equipment slot 4:3
\f0\b0  (128\'d796 look), beveled bronze frame, faint highlights, inner shadow, fits wider items, 
\f1\b transparent background
\f0\b0 , centered, no text. \'97no watermark, no background\'94\

\f1\b 3) 
\f6\fs26 ui/slot_square_highlight.png
\f1\fs24  \'97 96\'d796 PNG (transparent)
\f0\b0 \
\'93same as the square item slot but with a 
\f1\b bright selection highlight
\f0\b0 : outer glow ring + inner rim light, still readable on dark UI, 
\f1\b transparent background
\f0\b0 . \'97no text, no icons\'94\

\f1\b 4) 
\f6\fs26 ui/paper_doll.png
\f1\fs24  \'97 256\'d7384 PNG (transparent)
\f0\b0 \
\'93clean 
\f1\b paper-doll silhouette
\f0\b0  (neutral human shape), slight rim light, soft ambient occlusion at feet, 
\f1\b transparent background
\f0\b0 , no gear, no labels, mid-tone bronze outline so gear pops on top. \'97no face detail, no background\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Slot Glyphs (tiny symbols that sit on empty slots) \'97 24\'d724 PNGs (transparent)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs26 \cf0 icons/slot_weapon.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny monochrome 
\f1\b sword glyph
\f0\b0  in bronze/mint, bold silhouette, transparent background, no text\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/slot_shield.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny 
\f1\b shield glyph
\f0\b0  \'85 (same style as weapon)\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/slot_head.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny 
\f1\b helmet glyph
\f0\b0  \'85\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/slot_chest.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny 
\f1\b breastplate glyph
\f0\b0  \'85\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/slot_legs.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny 
\f1\b greaves/pants glyph
\f0\b0  \'85\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/slot_boots.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny 
\f1\b boots glyph
\f0\b0  \'85\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/slot_pet.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93tiny 
\f1\b paw/star glyph
\f0\b0  for pet slot \'85\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 (Use this one-liner across all: \'93single-color bronze with mint accent dot, thick readable shape, transparent background, no bevel, no text.\'94)
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Item & Pet Icons \'97 96\'d796 PNGs (transparent)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs26 \cf0 items/icon_weapon_sword.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93RPG 
\f1\b shortsword icon
\f0\b0 , 3/4 top view, steel blade, bronze guard, mint accent rune, flat-painted with subtle specular, centered on 
\f1\b transparent background
\f0\b0 , thick silhouette, no text, no drop shadow\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 items/icon_shield_buckler.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93RPG 
\f1\b buckler shield icon
\f0\b0 , circular wood/bronze, mint stud, same style, centered, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 items/icon_head_cap.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93RPG 
\f1\b leather cap icon
\f0\b0 , stitched panels, bronze buckle, mint stitch accent, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 items/icon_chest_vest.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93RPG 
\f1\b leather vest/chest armor icon
\f0\b0 , reinforced seams, bronze clasps, mint tag, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 items/icon_legs_pants.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93RPG 
\f1\b armored trousers icon
\f0\b0 , knee plates, bronze trims, mint strap, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 items/icon_boots.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93RPG 
\f1\b boots icon
\f0\b0 , thick soles, bronze eyelets, mint lace tip, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 items/icon_pet_demonS.png
\f0\b0\fs24  
\f3\i (example pet)
\f0\i0 \
\'93cute 
\f1\b imp/demon pet icon
\f0\b0 , chibi silhouette, small horns, glowing mint eyes, sits inside a 96\'d796 slot, transparent background, friendly not scary\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Skill Buttons (round) \'97 icons 48\'d748, rage 56\'d756 PNGs (transparent)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Frame: 
\f6\fs26 ui/skill_icon_frame.png
\f1\fs24  (48\'d748)
\f0\b0 \
\'93circular 
\f1\b skill button frame
\f0\b0 , bronze ring with subtle bevel, inner mint tick marks for cooldown, transparent center and background, no icon inside\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f6\b\fs26 \cf0 skills/icon_skill_1.png
\f1\fs24  \'96 Pulse Strike
\f0\b0 \
\'93round 
\f1\b energy pulse icon
\f0\b0 , mint shockwave rings on dark core, flat-vector with subtle paint, transparent background, no text\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 skills/icon_skill_2.png
\f1\fs24  \'96 Smokering Shield
\f0\b0 \
\'93round 
\f1\b smoke ring shield icon
\f0\b0 , concentric rings forming a protective halo, mint highlights, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 skills/icon_skill_3.png
\f1\fs24  \'96 Soul Split
\f0\b0 \
\'93round 
\f1\b spirit split icon
\f0\b0 , two mirrored ghostly silhouettes diverging, mint aura streak, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 skills/icon_rage.png
\f1\fs24  \'96 Rage/Ult (56\'d756)
\f0\b0 \
\'93round 
\f1\b ultimate burst icon
\f0\b0 , star-flare + crackling mint energy, high contrast, transparent background\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Portrait Tiles \'97 64\'d764 PNGs (transparent)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\i\b0\fs24 \cf0 (Use your brand style\'97clean cel-shade, bold line, minimal background.)
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f6\b\fs26 \cf0 portraits/a1.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93square 
\f1\b hero portrait
\f0\b0 , original character A1 (stylized), facing slightly right, confident expression, cel-shaded, strong outline, 
\f1\b transparent background
\f0\b0 , no text\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 portraits/unique.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93square 
\f1\b hero portrait Unique
\f0\b0 , same style/lighting as A1, transparent background\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 portraits/missy.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93square 
\f1\b support portrait Missy
\f0\b0 , same style/lighting as others, transparent background\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f3\i \cf0 (Keep shoulder-up framing so faces read at 32\'9648 px in HUD.)
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 HUD Coins \'97 32\'d732 PNGs (transparent)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs26 \cf0 icons/ico_coin_gold.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93
\f1\b gold coin icon
\f0\b0 , embossed star, thick rim, tiny mint glint, centered on transparent background, no text\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 icons/ico_coin_silver.png
\f0\b0\fs24 \
\'93
\f1\b silver coin icon
\f0\b0 , embossed star, same rim design, mint glint, transparent background\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs36 \cf0 Banners \'97 PNGs (transparent)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f6\fs26 \cf0 ui/banner_boss.png
\f1\fs24  \'97 512\'d796
\f0\b0 \
\'93wide 
\f1\b fantasy banner ribbon
\f0\b0 , bronze edges, dark cloth center, mint trim, 
\f1\b no text
\f0\b0 , transparent background, leave center empty for overlay text\'94\

\f6\b\fs26 ui/banner_reward.png
\f1\fs24  \'97 384\'d780
\f0\b0 \
\'93wide 
\f1\b reward banner
\f0\b0 , brighter cloth, bronze edges, mint trim, 
\f1\b no text
\f0\b0 , transparent background\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs48 \cf0 Export checklist (simple and foolproof)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Canvas 
\f1\b exact sizes
\f0\b0  above. If your generator can\'92t lock pixels, upscale then resize in an editor to the listed dimensions.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0
\f1\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Transparent background
\f0\b0  on every file. If the model adds a backdrop, render on solid green (#00FF00) then remove it.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Leave 
\f1\b 1\'962 px padding
\f0\b0  inside icons so they don\'92t touch the slot frame.\
\ls14\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Filenames exactly as shown; keep folders:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sa240\partightenfactor0
\ls14\ilvl1
\f2\fs26 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f7 \uc0\u9702 
\f2 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
ui/
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 icons/
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 items/
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 skills/
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 portraits/
\f0\fs24 .\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Next move: produce the 
\f1\b four core UI files
\f0\b0  (
\f2\fs26 slot_square
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 slot_wide
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 slot_square_highlight
\f0\fs24 , 
\f2\fs26 skill_icon_frame
\f0\fs24 ) plus 
\f1\b two sample items
\f0\b0  and 
\f1\b one skill icon
\f0\b0  so we can drop them in and check spacing/cooldowns instantly.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
}